My contribution to our project which is an Augmented Reality application for android platform is given in the following:
 	The first thing we did before starting with our project was to understand Git properly along with how to use Bitbucket. While learning Git and how to utilize Bitbucket properly I realized that learning these two things by my own is very difficult, time consuming and very much confusing. The YouTube videos were not very convincing. Later on I had to take help from a friend of mine to understand Git and Bitbucket properly. The whole time I had a wrong conception about Git and Bitbucket. I thought I could upload and edit files directly to Bitbucket without even creating a local repository. Later on with the help of my friend the whole thing was clear to me. I was finally able to create a repository and gave access to the repository to the other members of the group.
 	Once all the members were aware of how to use Git and Bitbucket properly we finally started our project. Our project was divided into four parts and each members were given a fragment of the total tasks in order to finish the project in time.
 	My task was to use the Unity 3D Engine to build the structure of the project. I gathered resources like the 3D model and marker from another group member and started with our project.
 	Once the structure was completed, the 3D model would appear in the virtual screen whenever the marker was placed infront of the camera. For our case a Trump model would appear whenever a BDT 10 was placed infront of the camera.  
 	Once the whole structure was created, to control the 3D model with a virtual joystick, I had to write a C# code and link the C# script with the 3D model.
 	My task was upto this. We managed to finish the application but there is a little bug with my C# code. We cannot control the 3D model the way we actually planned to do. Whenever we try to move the 3D model with the joystick the 3D model runs away from the screen and once it is gone it doesn’t appear again. This is a little bug from my side. Apart from this we need to run the application in sufficient lighting in order to run the application properly. Depending upon the device’s camera the application needs to detect the marker to show the 3D model. In low lights most of the time the application fails to detect the marker.

My experience and challenge:
We knew that we would be able to finish our project long before the deadline but when we started working with our project it took more time than we actually expected. The main challenge was to understand Git and how to use Bitbucket properly. It alone took around 15 days to get used to it completely. Another challenge was using the Unity 3D engine. The UI changes with time to time and to figure out one single change it took couple of hours of my working time. I didn’t expect the motion bug in our project but unfortunately I couldn’t manage to get the time to debug it and fix it so that the application would work properly. I could have changed the marker in our application so that it would run properly even in low light but changing it would require sometimes as I am new with Unity and have zero experience with it. Apart from all these everything else was okay.
